In this course, we'll spend time walking through five areas of focus.
First, we'll create context around GRC and set
ourselves up for the remaining course elements
during an introduction of cyber security, GRC.
In the next three lessons,
we'll spend time looking at the role of each part of GRC: governance,
risk, and compliance respectively.
Then finally, near the end of the course,
we'll discuss one additional critical GRC component in audit management.
In the GRC overview lesson,
we'll learn about security GRC,
defining GRC roles, how GRC roles interrelate with each other,
and then how we need to interpret organizational GRC needs.
In the governance lesson,
we'll learn about what governance is,
how to think strategically,
how governance professionals champion security,
how we design control measurement,
how to report those measurements,
and then finally, how to build policies and procedures for organizations.
Then in the lesson on risk,
we are going to learn about understanding risk management,
how risk management works in practice,
and also how businesses deal with risk today.
In our compliance lesson,
we'll learn about compliance as a whole,
where sources of obligations originate,
how to evaluate our compliance obligations,
and then finally, how to perform control assessments.
Finally, in audit fundamentals,
we'll go over audit management fundamentals
and then how we follow up in remediate findings.